packages/atomic/src/components/atomic-sort-criteria/readme.md, before:

# atomic-sort-criteria



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                | Attribute  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Type     | Default     |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `caption` _(required)_  | `caption`  | The non-localized caption to display for this criteria.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `string` | `undefined` |
| `criteria` _(required)_ | `criteria` | The sort criterion/criteria the end user can select/toggle between.  The available sort criteria are: - `relevancy` - `date ascending`/`date descending` - `qre` - `field ascending`/`field descending`, where you must replace `field` with the name of a sortable field in your index (e.g., `criteria="size ascending"`).  You can specify multiple sort criteria to be used in the same request by separating them with a comma (e.g., `criteria="size ascending, date ascending"` ). | `string` | `undefined` |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

fix(atomic): handle invalid sort criteria options
https://coveord.atlassian.net/browse/KIT-504

packages/atomic/src/components/atomic-sort-criteria/readme.md, after:

# atomic-sort-criteria



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                | Attribute  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Type                 | Default     |
| ----------------------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- | ----------- |
| `caption` _(required)_  | `caption`  | The non-localized caption to display for this criteria.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `string`             | `undefined` |
| `criteria` _(required)_ | `criteria` | The sort criterion/criteria the end user can select/toggle between.  The available sort criteria are: - `relevancy` - `date ascending`/`date descending` - `qre` - `field ascending`/`field descending`, where you must replace `field` with the name of a sortable field in your index (e.g., `criteria="size ascending"`).  You can specify multiple sort criteria to be used in the same request by separating them with a comma (e.g., `criteria="size ascending, date ascending"` ). | `string`             | `undefined` |
| `error`                 | --         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `Error \| undefined` | `undefined` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [atomic-component-error](../atomic-component-error)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  atomic-sort-criteria --> atomic-component-error
  style atomic-sort-criteria fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
