packages/atomic/src/components/atomic-result-template/readme.md, before:

# atomic-result-template



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property     | Attribute | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Type                        | Default |
| ------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------- | ------- |
| `conditions` | --        | Functions that must return true on results for the result template to apply.  For example, a template with the following only applies to results whose `title` contains `singapore`: `[(result) => /singapore/i.test(result.title)]` | `ResultTemplateCondition[]` | `[]`    |


## Methods

### `getTemplate() => Promise<ResultTemplate<string> | null>`



#### Returns

Type: `Promise<ResultTemplate<string> | null>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [atomic-component-error](../atomic-component-error)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  atomic-result-template --> atomic-component-error
  style atomic-result-template fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

doc(atomic): edits to descriptions (#820)
* add facet-id description

* apply missing descriptions and rebuild readmes

* change wording on part for clarity

* apply small language edits

* apply changes to descriptions based on PR

* additional edits to descriptions from PR

* additional description and punctuation changes

* apply periods to descriiptions

* apply edits

* rebuild to update README and stencil file

* manual edit to add period

packages/atomic/src/components/atomic-result-template/readme.md, after:

# atomic-result-template



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property     | Attribute | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Type                        | Default |
| ------------ | --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------- | ------- |
| `conditions` | --        | A function that must return true on results for the result template to apply.  For example, a template with the following condition only applies to results whose `title` contains `singapore`: `[(result) => /singapore/i.test(result.title)]` | `ResultTemplateCondition[]` | `[]`    |


## Methods

### `getTemplate() => Promise<ResultTemplate<string> | null>`

Gets the appropriate result template based on conditions applied.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<ResultTemplate<string> | null>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [atomic-component-error](../atomic-component-error)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  atomic-result-template --> atomic-component-error
  style atomic-result-template fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
