packages/atomic/src/components/facets/atomic-numeric-facet/readme.md, before:

# atomic-numeric-facet

A facet who's values are expressed as numeric ranges. 
It is displayed as a regular facet in desktop browsers and as a button which opens a facet modal in mobile browsers.

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property         | Attribute          | Description                                                                      | Type     | Default     |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `facetId`        | `facet-id`         |                                                                                  | `string` | `''`        |
| `field`          | `field`            | Specifies the index field whose values the facet should use.                     | `string` | `''`        |
| `label`          | `label`            | The non-localized label for the facet.                                           | `string` | `'noLabel'` |
| `numberOfValues` | `number-of-values` | The number of values to request for this facet, when there are no manual ranges. | `number` | `10`        |


## Shadow Parts

| Part             | Description                                                        |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `"clear-button"` | The button that resets the actively selected facet values          |
| `"close-button"` | The button to close the facet when displayed modally (mobile only) |
| `"facet"`        | The wrapper for the entire facet                                   |
| `"placeholder"`  | The placeholder shown before the first search is executed.         |
| `"value"`        | A single facet value                                               |
| `"value-count"`  | The facet value count                                              |
| `"value-label"`  | The facet value label                                              |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [atomic-component-error](../../atomic-component-error)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  atomic-numeric-facet --> atomic-component-error
  style atomic-numeric-facet fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

test(atomic): refactor facet tests
https://coveord.atlassian.net/browse/KIT-633

packages/atomic/src/components/facets/atomic-numeric-facet/readme.md, after:

# atomic-numeric-facet

A facet who's values are expressed as numeric ranges. 
It is displayed as a regular facet in desktop browsers and as a button which opens a facet modal in mobile browsers.

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property         | Attribute          | Description                                                                      | Type     | Default     |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `facetId`        | `facet-id`         |                                                                                  | `string` | `''`        |
| `field`          | `field`            | Specifies the index field whose values the facet should use.                     | `string` | `''`        |
| `label`          | `label`            | The non-localized label for the facet.                                           | `string` | `'noLabel'` |
| `numberOfValues` | `number-of-values` | The number of values to request for this facet, when there are no manual ranges. | `number` | `10`        |


## Shadow Parts

| Part             | Description                                                        |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `"clear-button"` | The button that resets the actively selected facet values          |
| `"close-button"` | The button to close the facet when displayed modally (mobile only) |
| `"facet"`        | The wrapper for the entire facet                                   |
| `"label"`        | The label of the facet                                             |
| `"modal-button"` | The button to open the facet modal (mobile only)                   |
| `"placeholder"`  | The placeholder shown before the first search is executed.         |
| `"value"`        | A single facet value                                               |
| `"value-count"`  | The facet value count                                              |
| `"value-label"`  | The facet value label                                              |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [atomic-component-error](../../atomic-component-error)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  atomic-numeric-facet --> atomic-component-error
  style atomic-numeric-facet fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
