packages/atomic/src/components/atomic-results-per-page/readme.md, before:

# atomic-results-per-page



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property        | Attribute        | Description                                                    | Type     | Default          |
| --------------- | ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| `initialOption` | `initial-option` | Initial value of the result per page option                    | `number` | `10`             |
| `options`       | `options`        | List of possible results per page options, separated by commas | `string` | `'10,25,50,100'` |


## Shadow Parts

| Part                   | Description                  |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| `"active-page-button"` | The active page button       |
| `"label"`              | The "Results per page" label |
| `"list"`               | The list of buttons          |
| `"page-button"`        | The page button              |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [atomic-component-error](../atomic-component-error)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  atomic-results-per-page --> atomic-component-error
  style atomic-results-per-page fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(atomic): atomic-pager & atomic-result-per-page components completion (#456)
https://coveord.atlassian.net/browse/KIT-372
https://coveord.atlassian.net/browse/KIT-373

packages/atomic/src/components/atomic-results-per-page/readme.md, after:

# atomic-results-per-page



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property           | Attribute           | Description                                                                                        | Type     | Default          |
| ------------------ | ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| `choicesDisplayed` | `choices-displayed` | List of possible results per page choices, separated by commas.                                    | `string` | `'10,25,50,100'` |
| `initialChoice`    | `initial-choice`    | Initial choice for the number of result per page. Should be part of the `choicesDisplayed` option. | `number` | `10`             |


## Shadow Parts

| Part                   | Description                  |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| `"active-page-button"` | The active page button       |
| `"buttons"`            | The list of buttons          |
| `"label"`              | The "Results per page" label |
| `"page-button"`        | The page button              |


## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                                       | Description                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------- |
| `--atomic-pagination-button-border-radius` | Border radius of the pagination button |
| `--atomic-pagination-button-size`          | Size of the pagination buttons         |
| `--atomic-pagination-font-size`            | Font size of the pagination            |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [atomic-component-error](../atomic-component-error)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  atomic-results-per-page --> atomic-component-error
  style atomic-results-per-page fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
