packages/quantic/README.md, before:

# Setup with Salesforce

## Reference documentation

[Useful reference documentation to setup "from scratch"](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/documentation/en/lwc/lwc.get_started_local_dev_setup)

## Create a salesforce developer organization

- [Signup](https://developer.salesforce.com/signup)
- Use your @coveo.com email account. The username can be anything.

## Setup SFDX cli

[SFDX cli](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/sfdxcli)

## Update SFDX cli plugins

- Run `sfdx plugins:install @salesforce/lwc-dev-server`
- Run `sfdx plugins:update`

## Install vscode extension

[vscode Salesforce Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=salesforce.salesforcedx-vscode)

**Note** Make sure you open the quantic project at the root (`/packages/quantic/`) in vscode in order for the entension to work properly.

## Enable Dev Hub in your Salesforce organization

- Connect to your salesforce developer organization [login](http://login.salesforce.com/)
- From Setup, enter Dev Hub in the Quick Find box and select Dev Hub.
- To enable Dev Hub, click Enable

## Authorize Your Dev Hub

- In VS Code, press Command + Shift P, enter sfdx, and select SFDX: Authorize a Dev Hub.
- You can also run this command from the command line. `sfdx force:auth:web:login -d -a LWC-Hub`
- Running this command opens a browser to the Salesforce login page. Enter your Salesforce username and password. Authorize only once, not every time you work on your project.

## Create a Default Scratch Org

- In VS Code, press Command + Shift P, enter sfdx, and select SFDX: Create a Default Scratch Org.
- You can also run this command from the command line. `sfdx force:org:create -s -f config/project-scratch-def.json -a "LWC"`
- `LWC` is an alias for the scratch org that you can use in other Salesforce CLI commands. You can create any alias that you like.

## Start the Local Development Server

Start the server.

- Run `npm run start`
- You can also run this command from the command line. `sfdx force:lightning:lwc:start`
- View the server at http://localhost:3333/.

## Other useful commands

- Deploy source code to your salesforce organization: `sfdx force:source:deploy -m LightningComponentBundle`.
- `-m LightningComponentBundle` can be changed for different types of "resources". To know which name, check the related `meta.xml` file for each type of resource.
- Create new web components. In VS Code, press Command + Shift P, enter sfdx, and select SFDX: Create Lightning Web Component.

## Learn about LWC

- [lwc.dev](https://lwc.dev/)
- [Components reference](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/overview/components). Make sure you stay in the "Lightning web components section". Aura does not apply. Aura is the older UI library that is being deprecated by Salesforce.
- [Lightning design system](https://www.lightningdesignsystem.com/). Reference for styling, CSS utilities, icons, and more.

Commit message:

doc(quantic): explain how to push in readme
https://coveord.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-8874

packages/quantic/README.md, after:

# Setup with Salesforce

## Reference documentation

[Useful reference documentation to setup "from scratch"](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/documentation/en/lwc/lwc.get_started_local_dev_setup)

## Create a salesforce developer organization

- [Signup](https://developer.salesforce.com/signup)
- Use your @coveo.com email account. The username can be anything.

## Setup SFDX cli

[SFDX cli](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/sfdxcli)

## Update SFDX cli plugins

- Run `sfdx plugins:install @salesforce/lwc-dev-server`
- Run `sfdx plugins:update`

## Install vscode extension

[vscode Salesforce Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=salesforce.salesforcedx-vscode)

**Note** Make sure you open the quantic project at the root (`/packages/quantic/`) in vscode in order for the entension to work properly.

## Enable Dev Hub in your Salesforce organization

- Connect to your salesforce developer organization [login](http://login.salesforce.com/)
- From Setup, enter Dev Hub in the Quick Find box and select Dev Hub.
- To enable Dev Hub, click Enable

## Authorize Your Dev Hub

- In VS Code, press Command + Shift P, enter sfdx, and select SFDX: Authorize a Dev Hub.
- You can also run this command from the command line. `sfdx force:auth:web:login -d -a LWC-Hub`
- Running this command opens a browser to the Salesforce login page. Enter your Salesforce username and password. Authorize only once, not every time you work on your project.

## Create a Default Scratch Org

- In VS Code, press Command + Shift P, enter sfdx, and select SFDX: Create a Default Scratch Org.
- You can also run this command from the command line. `sfdx force:org:create -s -f config/project-scratch-def.json -a "LWC"`
- `LWC` is an alias for the scratch org that you can use in other Salesforce CLI commands. You can create any alias that you like.

## Start the Local Development Server

Start the server.

- Run `npm run start`
- You can also run this command from the command line. `sfdx force:lightning:lwc:start`
- View the server at http://localhost:3333/.

## Use Quantic From Source

After you have cloned the repository and have run `npm install`, run the following commands:

- `npm run copy:staticresources`
- `sfdx force:source:deploy -m LightningComponentBundle`

## Other useful commands

- `-m LightningComponentBundle` can be changed for different types of "resources". To know which name, check the related `meta.xml` file for each type of resource.
- Create new web components. In VS Code, press Command + Shift P, enter sfdx, and select SFDX: Create Lightning Web Component.

## Learn about LWC

- [lwc.dev](https://lwc.dev/)
- [Components reference](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/component-library/overview/components). Make sure you stay in the "Lightning web components section". Aura does not apply. Aura is the older UI library that is being deprecated by Salesforce.
- [Lightning design system](https://www.lightningdesignsystem.com/). Reference for styling, CSS utilities, icons, and more.
